README.md, before:

# Dev Test

## Exercise

Create a basic web application using next.js + React to display a login page. The login page should include fields for email and password. The page doesn't need to have actual functionality, but it should have the following feature:

- When the user enters a value that is not a valid email address in the email field, the box should have a red border and display a notification informing the user that the entered value is not a valid email.

You have the freedom to choose any component library you prefer.

Additionally, please include a Dockerfile that enables us to run the next application easily by running the Docker container.

# Other notes

While we are not monitoring the time, the exercise should take you less than an hour to complete. Consider things like code quality, proper git usage (such a granular commits, meaningful commit messages etc.), ease of use etc.

## How to submit

1. Fork this repository to a public one on your account.
2. Complete the exercise.
3. When you're done, submit your fork as a pull request back to this repository.

Commit message:

Update README.md with docker instructions

README.md, after:

# Dev Test

## How to run

1. run `docker build -t docker_nextjs:developement .    `
2. ensure image is created by running `docker image ls `
3. publish the image with `docker run --publish 3000:3000 docker_nextjs:developement `

   
## Exercise

Create a basic web application using next.js + React to display a login page. The login page should include fields for email and password. The page doesn't need to have actual functionality, but it should have the following feature:

- When the user enters a value that is not a valid email address in the email field, the box should have a red border and display a notification informing the user that the entered value is not a valid email.

You have the freedom to choose any component library you prefer.

Additionally, please include a Dockerfile that enables us to run the next application easily by running the Docker container.

# Other notes

While we are not monitoring the time, the exercise should take you less than an hour to complete. Consider things like code quality, proper git usage (such a granular commits, meaningful commit messages etc.), ease of use etc.

## How to submit

1. Fork this repository to a public one on your account.
2. Complete the exercise.
3. When you're done, submit your fork as a pull request back to this repository.
